I hate being found out in a daze, what should I do?
The blind man is asleep
Can't find it
My suspicions were correct
Champion Chen, you actually carried the lady behind your back
stare directly
Okay, you can Li Yangchen
Miss, I don't think your family is poor.
I insist on marrying you
Miss loves you so much
And that's how you repay her.
Butler Chen, I was also confused for a while
Please don't tell Momo.
I can give you as much money as you have.
That's not the money for the next house
I will tell the lady the truth
I won't forgive you, that's a lady's business
Mom will definitely divorce me if she finds out
My crown also came out of the small mountain village
Climb to where you are today
I can't lose it all
Husband, I have good news for you